feat: Cross-track upgrade documentation (#174)
canonical/observability-stack: docs/tutorial/index.rst

   1. Deploy the observability stack <installation/index>

Upgrade
=============

> In this part of the tutorial you will learn how to upgrade COS( Lite) to a new channel using Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this part of the tutorial you will learn how to refresh COS (or COS Lite) to a different channel using Terraform.
```
